Puppet ENC methods deprecation warning (#1811)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _includes/manuals/nightly/1.2_release_notes.md

### Deprecations

> #### Puppet host methods

Reviewer: As a user, I think you'll mostly see this in templates.
```suggestion
#### Puppet host methods in templates
```

> Methods accessing puppet ENC information on Host are now deprecated and new macros that are meant to be used in templates were introduced.
> Please stop using the old methods and use the provided macros instead.

Reviewer: To me this doesn't make sense. IMHO this isn't ENC information but it's really macros to bootstrap Puppet in templates. Also, please always write Puppet with a capital P.
```suggestion
Methods on the Host object used to configure Puppet have been deprecated in favor of dedicated macros. The old methods will issue a deprecation warning and be removed in a future release.
```

The new macros will work even with the upcoming plugin and they have fallback to host parameters.

This is the list of deprecated methods and their successor:
- `Host#environment` -> `host_puppet_environment`
- `Host#puppetmaster` -> `host_puppet_server`

> - `Host#puppet_ca_server` -> `host_puppet_ca_server`

Reviewer: I think most users will know it as `@host.environment` notation.
